[IMP] create module resource_calendar_flexible_exclude_weekend on odoo 18.0 (#228)
OCA/hr-holidays: resource_calendar_flexible_hours_exclude_weekend/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allow to compute the resource calendar as flexible =true, without taking the week-end days on the computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to compute the resource calendar as flexible, without taking the week-end days on the computation.
```

Author: i agree :) thanks for your proposition ! 

it's done
